# Homework 1
In this directory is our code for Homework 1. Note that the datafiles became too unwieldy for Github once we started adding new features, and so we decided to not push those, and instead just include a link to Google Drive where you can find them. Here is the link: https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B4Il8nEIcKrvMy1NSnR4ZUZiSFE

## Important files
- [HW1.lua](HW1.lua): This is the main controller file for the experiments we ran. The command line arguments for this specify all of the configurations that can be made.
- [logisticregression.lua](logisticregression.lua): This contains our implementation of Logistic Regression. 
- [nb.lua](nb.lua): This contains our implementation of Naive Bayes.
- [hinge.lua](hinge.lua): This contains our implementation of Hinge Loss classification
- [utils.lua](utils.lua): Contains shared utility functions that we use across the various implementations.
- [test.lua](test.lua): Contains various testing functions. To be clear, we use the nn library here ONLY to test that our softmax and other functions work as expected, as permitted by the instructors. No code that we wrote in any of the above implementations use nn library code.

## Experiment Results
There were two major sets of experiments we conducted, and between them we tested around 800 hyperparameters. There is a summary file for each data set.
- [Experiment Set 1 Summary File](experiment_outputs/exp1/summary_file.txt)
- [Experiment Set 2 Summary File](experiment_outputs/exp2/summary_exp2.txt)

These summary files were generated by saving the last two lines of each experiment in the experiment set, which contained the hyperparameters (including the dataset being used and the classifier), and the accuracy.

Lastly, we analzed our solutions using [analyze.py](experiment_outputs/analyze.py), which given a summary file will give the best performing configurations. This was used to construct the tables in our writeup.
